1	Assume constant values for shorter and longer wavelength than the tabulated values. Linear extrapolation might be dangerous.
2	This is a long pass filter, so it surely should not pinned on the red end. But also the blue side is not close enough to zero. Blue side should be linearly extrapolated until it reaches the zero, red side should continue with a constant value. The detector will define the throughtput.
3	The filter is what really defines the throughput range of the bandpass, however both sides are not close enough to zero. Both ends should be linearly extrapolated until they reache the zero.
4	The filter is what really defines the throughput range of the bandpass, so it should be pinned on both ends.
5	This is a long pass filter, so it should not pinned on the red end, where the detetctor will define the end througput. The blue end can be pinned.
6	The ramp filter is what really defines the throughput range of the bandpass, so it should be pinned on both ends.
7	Grism get used in many obsmodes, and really have a transmission that extends pretty far out. So, it should not be pinned.
8	The aperture shuould be set equal to 1.0 for aperture greater tan the sepecified max
9	the coronograph aperture get used in many obsmodes, and really have a transmission that extends pretty far out. So, it should not be pinned.
10	Mirrors get used in many obsmodes, and really have a transmission that extends pretty far out. So, it should not be pinned.
11	Windows get used in many obsmodes, and really have a transmission that extends pretty far out. So, it should not be pinned.
12	Polarimetry filters get used in many obsmodes, and really have a transmission that extends pretty far out. So, it should not be pinned.
13	Prism should not pinned on the red end, where the detetctor will define the end througput.
14	The MAMA detector transmission also defines the throughput range of the bandpass. It can be pinned down at the red end, but it should be --at least-- linerly extrapolated on blue side to reach 0.
15	The CCD detector transmission also defines the throughput range of the bandpass. It is pretty well known, and can be pinned on both ends.
